hello I'm back here with Jamal to talk
about the TOEFL listening this time such
a mom could you tell us a little bit
about you know the TOEFL listening yeah
sure it consists of between six to nine
audio recordings and after each audio
you'll answer a series of questions some
of the recordings will be University
type lectures and others will be
conversations between two students or a
student tenant professor okay and so
King Jerry you know it has a little bit
more in detail about these conversations
sure so the conversations all relate to
campus life so they could be between two
students discussing something like an
assignment group work or any other kind
of student problem or issue okay and you
know could you tell us a little bit
about you know the other side where it
could be a lecture sure so the lectures
are all related to academic topics
usually they're related to topics like
history are psychology even zoology but
they're very generic so you don't really
need to know much about the topics to be
able to answer the questions everything
you need to answer will be in the
lecture make sense and I'll be allowed
to take notes as we listen absolutely
and you should take notes as you listen
on test day you'll be provided with a
scratch paper and a pencil and as you
take notes you should listen out too for
what the speakers say as well as how
they say it okay the TOEFL listening
tests two skills the your ability to
comprehend the content which is the main
ideas and the details and your ability
to understand context that's related to
attitude purpose and function so that's
why it's important not just to take
notes about what you hear specifically
but also what you can imply about what
you hear so it's important to listen out
for things like tone of voice and
context okay so you know just just
spinning off from that so what the type
of questions that you know you might get
asked
so you could get asked about the purpose
or the main idea of a conversation or a
lecture so that's related to why a
conversation takes place or what a
lecture is mainly about you might get
asked about details so specific points
from a conversation or a lecture
another question is a function question
so this asks you why a speaker mentioned
something this is related to why they
say something rather than what they
actually said you might be asked to
identify the opinion of a speaker about
a particular topic or something that was
mentioned you might also be asked to
make an inference so this is related to
what a speaker means by something they
said so again this is related to sort of
tone of voice and context in terms of
the lectures you might be asked about
the organization of a lecture how it's
organized so formatic 'le
chronologically or you might be asked to
identify correct or incorrect details by
checking boxes in a table so there's a
variety of different listening question
types okay
well you know that gives us you know
some insights into how to approach the
listening section so please keep
watching the space for more updates